- PLEASE DO NOT START GENERATING CODE IMMEDIATELY. Read following instructions and check if there are no logical flaws or errors in this description. Ask additional questions if you need. Take your time.
- I want to create a web app in nodejs.
- The app is going to work under nginx control in server-address/stories url. There are other apps on server-address so keep routing separated. Eveything should be inside /stories
- The app goal is to edit simple text files located in folders inside documents dir. Only one level of directories is allowed.
- Make the app eye candy. Use bootstrap library. Try to keep app look good on smartphone
- I want the app to have this pages:
	- Page: Folders - which should allow:
		- presenting list of existing folders with big floder icons like ordered in a flow layout like in windows explorer ,
		- search/filer box to filter folders
		- alowing to create new folder or delete, rename existing folder - deleting should be secured with question "Are you sure"
		- clickin on folder should "open" it, which means to enter second page name Documents
	- Page: Documents - should allow:
		- list all documents in folders, ordered by names, placed in a form of list on the right side of the screen. When the document list is scrolled, the page content on the right side should remain still
		- documents should have indexes, kept in a separate file in order to sort let user sort them
		- one of the documents is always pointed as Active (default: document with index=0); active document is displayed with a ball icon befor its name;
		- documents should have some additional numbers called biases, which will be integers
		- after opening folder: first document should be loaded and ordered by the indexes
		- clicking on document should load it contents and present it in the <pre> tags on the right side of the screen; document title should be displayed in left align above the <pre> tags; it also should have Bias field displayed aligned to right side
		- choosen document should stay highlighed in the navigation bar on the left
		- There should be following action buttons Above the document aviable in a View mode:
			- New document - creates new empty document with title "New", content "Type here", Bias=1, document_index=last index+1
			- Move up - modifies loaded document index so it moved up in a hierarchy; this function shoud swap indexes between current document and the previous document
			- Move down -modifies loaded document index so it moved down in a hierarchy; this function shoud swap indexes between current document and the next document
			- Next - move active document pointer to the next index and loads document pointed by that index: the navigator panel on the left should also update pointer position (a ball in front of document name); If the last document is reached Next does nothing
			- Prev- move document pointer to the previous index and loads document pointed by that index: the navigator panel on the left should also update pointer position (a ball in front of document name); If the first document is reached Prev does nothing
			- Reset - move active document index to 0 (first document)
			- Stats - This should open a page Stats in a new window
		- there should be following action buttons below document aligned to left side:
			- Edit - enter edit mode
			- Rename - rename the document (this button can be placed near document title)
			- Bias - allows to edit document bias as non-negative integer
			- Read- open document with GET url in separate window in a view mode, to share document with other apps: url should look like this:
			  server-address/stories/view/folder-name/document-titile
			  Visiting this link is logged in a access_log.txt local file with date, IP, "read", document-titile
			- Random - open page that loads a random document in a separate windows using GET url: url should look like this:
			  server-address/stories/random/folder-name
			  Caveat: Probablity should be calculated based upon document bias as "document bias"/"Sum of all documents biases"
			  Visiting this link is logged in a access_log.txt local file with date, IP, "random", folder-name/document-title
			- Next- open page that loads a active document in a separate windows using GET url: url should look like this:
			  server-address/stories/next/folder-name
			  After opening link, the active document pointer moves to the next document acording to document index.
			  Application must check if the next document exists and if not, the pointer should move to next existing document. If the last document is reached, pointer is not moved forward.
			  Visiting this link is logged in a access_log.txt local file with date, IP, "next", folder-name/document-title
			- Delete - delete document (with question "Are you sure"); Delete should correct pointer to a existing document if deleted document is Active
			- There should be a chracter counter on the right side od document content
			-
		- Edit mode:
			- When the user clicks Esit button document should be loaded in <textarea>
			- Following buttons should appear under document text aligned left:
				- Save - save document
				- Cancel - cancel changes
				- checkbox  Set current - if checked set as current (updates current document index into this document); the checkbox should be checked if edited document is "current" and unchecked otherwise
				- There should be a character counter below document on the right side
	- Page: Stats this page should prestent ststistics:
		- a bar graph titled "Probablity" with all  documents names from a given folder on the X axis. On the Y-axis there should be probablity of choosing document calculated by difiding document bias by the sum of biases of all documents in a folder
		- a bar graph titled "Access" with all document names from a given folder on the X axis.  On the Y-axis there should be number of times the document was accessed based upon access_log.txt local file.
		-
	- 1. Folder and Document Structure: No specific format for folder and document names. Only one level of documents should be possible
	  2. File management: Files will be stored in documents folder on the server disk. Please provide a variable in you script to allow modifying it in future. As for specific structure of index, bias files i have no idea. What about creating json file in each folder with structures?:
	  {filelist:[{name: filename1.txt, index=0, bias=1}, {name: filename2.txt, index=1, bias=1},...],
	  pointer:1}
	  3. Permissions and security:
	  No security at all. Its an application for my purpose only. Maybe in future i will think of users and logins but every user will have full access to all his folders and files. But for now - I am the only user
	  4. access_log.txt will be stored in documents directory: Log format is:
	  date_time, IP, VIEW|RANDOM|NEXT,  folder-name, file-name
	  5. As for languages: English please only. As for styling: I am not an expert. The appliation should look little bit like windows explorer
	  6. nginx configuration. I already have nodejs application under my nginx. Please keep the new app separate so they do not interefere. This is my curent nginx config file:
	- server {
	        listen 80 default_server;
	        listen [::]:80 default_server;
	        server_name _;
	- location /transcript {
	        include proxy_params;
	        proxy_pass http://localhost:3000/transcript;
	    }
	- location /api {
	        include proxy_params;
	        proxy_pass http://localhost:5000/api;
	    }
	  }
- ```
  server {
      listen 80 default_server;
      listen [::]:80 default_server;
      server_name _;
  
      location /transcript {
          include proxy_params;
          proxy_pass http://localhost:3000/transcript;
      }
  
      location /api {
          include proxy_params;
          proxy_pass http://localhost:5000/api;
      }
  
      location /stories {
          include proxy_params;
          proxy_pass http://localhost:4000/stories;
      }
  }
  ```
	-